Jocelyn Corrales: Could you turn on your video that I did see
VIEW 1: Hi.
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you doing
VIEW 1: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah. Could you please state your name and your data for
Jocelyn Corrales: 12 to 1980 okay got your chart.
Jocelyn Corrales: So what we're going to do today.
Jocelyn Corrales: We're going to talk about your day to day, what do you do every day.
Jocelyn Corrales: I think that was
Jocelyn Corrales: I think that was my
Jocelyn Corrales: Apple or iTunes.
VIEW 1: It actually
Jocelyn Corrales: I think I actually, you know, click on the Play button when they click on asleep on the
VIEW 1: Place anything
VIEW 1: About it.
Jocelyn Corrales: Actually does in my probably my iPad.
Jocelyn Corrales: And that just shirt just happened on my computer. So probably the same thing.
Jocelyn Corrales: We're going to talk about yours, you're walking exercising.
VIEW 1: Walking
VIEW 1: You can still hear me well yeah
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so what we're going to do today is that we're going to talk about what's working out for you. So, and what's not working out for you. So we'll
Jocelyn Corrales: Start with your activities of daily living.
Jocelyn Corrales: So with regards to activities of daily living like waking up getting out of bed.
Jocelyn Corrales: taking a shower.
Jocelyn Corrales: Doing your
Jocelyn Corrales: chores and laundry.
Jocelyn Corrales: Able to eat on time.
On time.
Jocelyn Corrales: How do you manage your pain. So let's start with waking up.
VIEW 1: What do I, what do I do when I wake up.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, what do you what time they usually wake up.
Jocelyn Corrales: Wake up.
VIEW 1: Between 530 and 630
VIEW 1: My kids wake me up.
Jocelyn Corrales: Your kids already
VIEW 1: Know I have, I have an 11 year old three year old and a one year old.
Jocelyn Corrales: So they the little ones wake you up or the bigger
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so you're already at around 530 or 6:30am and do you get up after the wake you up.
VIEW 1: Well, I've been sleeping on a blow up mattress in the living room with them so
VIEW 1: I get up, I get them a bottle I changed their diaper.
VIEW 1: I put on Elmo for them.
VIEW 1: And just
VIEW 1: watch them play and take care of them.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, and you're yeah you're actually already updated it wake you up. And are you able to eat on time.
Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: And what time do you usually eat for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
VIEW 1: Well depending on time we wake up. I guess I would say like around eight
Jocelyn Corrales: Eight o'clock request.
VIEW 1: And then lunch around one
VIEW 1: And dinner around six
Jocelyn Corrales: And at least you have a regular schedule on eating time. So, that is also to set discipline to your children, you know, they have a routine time that they usually eat.
Jocelyn Corrales: Ready, go. Yeah. And when they go to school, they're able to adapt.
VIEW 1: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
VIEW 1: It's very difficult. You know, even
Jocelyn Corrales: If their meal times are, you know, very easy time. And by the time they go
VIEW 1: To school, they would just
Jocelyn Corrales: Get anytime you know they would probably tell their teacher. That looks great. I'm hungry because you know their routine is, you know, bear in various
Jocelyn Corrales: Right. Oh, yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: And are you able to do you do you shower every day.
VIEW 1: Yeah, usually every day or every other day.
Jocelyn Corrales: And are you eating healthy, healthy food healthy
Snacks.
Jocelyn Corrales: Eat healthy meals because kids also
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, that's good.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you do chores at home.
VIEW 1: Yeah, all the long
VIEW 1: I clean and they destroy and I clean again and then destroy again.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah. It's typical.
Jocelyn Corrales: Kids, you know, it's lucky.
Jocelyn Corrales: And actually you could actually
Jocelyn Corrales: You, you mentioned that you have a three year old and an 11 year old.
VIEW 1: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: 11 and 111 and one and you met there are three kids. So one year old 11 years old in
Jocelyn Corrales: Three, three years old.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, okay. You could actually teach years, three years old already to
Jocelyn Corrales: You know backup or you know what you call that clean as ego or ego. So just like tell him you know is he a boy or a girl.
VIEW 1: A boy. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: You could actually tell him that effort he plays or you could tell you to do you put this back there. You know, you could actually try to, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: The although he, I think he would understand already
VIEW 1: Yeah, he, he does. He does help. And then he doesn't, you know, do
Jocelyn Corrales: This try to instill in him. You know when when he plays that after playing he should clean, something like that. But that's too strict. Just tell him that he should also clean to help Mommy.
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, just encourage him. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you could also ask your 11 year old to help you. So does your 11 year old help you
VIEW 1: Yeah.
VIEW 1: Is
Is
Jocelyn Corrales: Is she or he a boy or girl.
VIEW 1: Oh, the three year olds, a girl and the one year old boy.
Jocelyn Corrales: And 11 year old is
Jocelyn Corrales: The boy. Okay. And it's a good thing. He helps
VIEW 1: Yeah.
VIEW 1: Yeah, even helped me watch them sometimes so
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good, that's good, that's good. That's good to hear.
Jocelyn Corrales: A PC helps you know
Jocelyn Corrales: For boys, especially when they
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you. No wonder we to be teens.
Jocelyn Corrales: Is quite difficult to ask them, or tell them to, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Things are still
Jocelyn Corrales: At home.
Okay, so
Jocelyn Corrales: Her 1111 year old son right
VIEW 1: Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: She does she do chores also
Jocelyn Corrales: Just watch the game. Yes. Yeah, you like take down takes out the trash and
VIEW 1: Takes it out on trashing stuff so
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's good that is being helpful. And do you have any problems with regards to pain.
Jocelyn Corrales: Or do you are you having pains or no pain settle
VIEW 1: Horrible back problems so
Jocelyn Corrales: And how do you Benny cheer back pillows.
VIEW 1: Um, well, I just, I haven't really done anything lately because I've been so busy, but
VIEW 1: It was so bad to when I was in a wheelchair and
VIEW 1: I couldn't not a walker.
VIEW 1: Mm hmm. But you know, it's better now. Like, I don't need that right now.
VIEW 1: It just, I don't know, it's weird.
VIEW 1: I got it. When I was pregnant with my daughter. I just woke up one morning and couldn't walk got worse.
Jocelyn Corrales: And are you taking medications for it.
VIEW 1: I'm not currently. Like I said, I haven't been to the doctor for that. And while
Jocelyn Corrales: You're still having back pains.
Jocelyn Corrales: At time
VIEW 1: Yeah, it's just not to the extent where I can't walk
Okay.
VIEW 1: But like when it gets like I don't know cold and rainy or something like that.
Uh huh.
Jocelyn Corrales: Were you involved in an accident or
Jocelyn Corrales: It just happened after I gave birth.
VIEW 1: Oh no, it happened during my pregnancy.
VIEW 1: And so, um,
VIEW 1: It. I don't know. I just like I said just one morning I woke up and I couldn't walk and it got worse and
VIEW 1: Worse. They said, It's like my sciatic nerve.
Mm hmm.
VIEW 1: Um, something called mile fiscal where the
VIEW 1: muscles in your back harden and turn
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, do you exercise every day.
VIEW 1: Chasing the babies.
VIEW 1: That's all day long.
Jocelyn Corrales: You exercise to be chasing the babies and doing household chores.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe we could incorporate exercise, maybe just before when the kids are already asleep and just before you go to sleep. We'll just do maybe you know she's you been, you know, going after the kids to hold the maybe we could do just some extra stretching exercise at night.
Jocelyn Corrales: Just to see if it helps with your bank.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, okay. And are you able to sleep early or able to sleep well. Are you having problems sleeping.
VIEW 1: I still have to wait good throughout the night for both of them to get them bottles and stuff so
Jocelyn Corrales: Because they asked for a meal. And in the middle of the night.
VIEW 1: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: But are you able to sleep, you're just in case you know they get sleep.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you have no problems or trouble sleeping at all.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. So with regards to your mental health like
Jocelyn Corrales: Positive Thinking exercise or when you're feeling cranky, or you have some bad mood or you have some stresses along the way. How do you manage those
Jocelyn Corrales: How do you manage your mood. How do you manage your stress. What do you usually do.
VIEW 1: stay busy so
VIEW 1: When I can, I guess I tried to take time for myself.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so you just stay stay BC.
Jocelyn Corrales: To take your mind off things and sometimes school for a walk alone.
Jocelyn Corrales: To go for a walk.
Jocelyn Corrales: Hello.
Jocelyn Corrales: And be yourself.
Jocelyn Corrales: And do you have also have helped you know this, your partner or your husband helping you with the kids.
VIEW 1: Um, I don't have one. My mom helps me though.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so you have your mom assisting you with the kids.
VIEW 1: Right.
Jocelyn Corrales: You live with your mom.
VIEW 1: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: And are you working
VIEW 1: No.
Jocelyn Corrales: So,
Jocelyn Corrales: When you're stressed. Do you do the same thing, you know, make yourself busy and, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Take some time alone.
VIEW 1: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: So do you do crafts. Also, you know, just, you know, with the kids.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, that's good.
Jocelyn Corrales: Let's put
Jocelyn Corrales: Activities.
Jocelyn Corrales: At least at the same time, they also learn
Jocelyn Corrales: Like doing some crafts.
Jocelyn Corrales: Your sign is also helping you out.
VIEW 1: Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: We've you attending bright heart health, you would you say that it has been helpful for you, you know, your doctor and your therapies and your group.
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you
Jocelyn Corrales: So are you tapering medications.
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you on
Jocelyn Corrales: Medication tapering
VIEW 1: Not yet.
Jocelyn Corrales: Not yet. So how many milligrams, are you taking as of the moment.
VIEW 1: How many subs.
Jocelyn Corrales: Medical Medicare milligrams
VIEW 1: I don't, I don't understand.
Jocelyn Corrales: Your are you taking Suboxone
VIEW 1: Yeah yeah
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, how many milligrams is it
VIEW 1: I take three a day three, so
Jocelyn Corrales: 2424 milligrams city.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: That you see when you started with.
Jocelyn Corrales: Start
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, he just started last month.
Jocelyn Corrales: Your doctor mentioned to you about medication tapering
Jocelyn Corrales: Probably in the next few weeks, or in the next few months.
VIEW 1: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: And okay
Jocelyn Corrales: Let's talk about that next month. So, you surely some other patients that does have some
Jocelyn Corrales: Really major but so do some minor. So sometimes, some of them are, you know, have headaches or some mood changes when the try to keep her on medications, when they are still adjusting on the new those. Ah, but usually it's just minor
VIEW 1: release notes. Notice
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, that's good. Actually, there are really some who does not have. But there are some who are who have just, you know, miners, you know, not really able to sleep well or, you know, some moods, probably. But, you know, it just last for about. Probably a week that after death. They are already adjusted
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe try to adjust, especially
Jocelyn Corrales: If you know
Jocelyn Corrales: The tapering is, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: It's a there's a big difference. But usually when tapering it's usually in small amounts so that you would not feel the effects of the bring it out. Yeah, it's like practicing you to taper down
Jocelyn Corrales: So these are sitter yourself spiritual
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, okay. And are you eating any or religious sect or something like that.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. Do you go to church.
VIEW 1: Yeah, sometimes will not now.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, but before to cover it. Do you attend church.
VIEW 1: Um, yeah. Every once in a while. I can't go all the time because the kids, but
Hockey
Jocelyn Corrales: Do you bring your kids with you at church.
VIEW 1: No.
VIEW 1: It's too hard with all of them.
Jocelyn Corrales: Have you tried for a while.
Jocelyn Corrales: Have you tried doing
Jocelyn Corrales: Online Service, you know, the church that you're into
Jocelyn Corrales: I think
Jocelyn Corrales: I think the I Have you tried checking on their site or probably their Facebook page. Sometimes they do have online services, especially nowadays.
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe you could
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, because it's especially if you want to involve your kids in going to church and you know
Jocelyn Corrales: It's very difficult to bring small kids at church because, you know, they're very noisy in a run here around around in Sweden difficult to manage and especially bringing them to church, but you could try you know at least try to attend online service.
Jocelyn Corrales: At home, and you could actually include your son or, you know, three year old us at least
Jocelyn Corrales: Just like a practice for them, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: attend church service.
Jocelyn Corrales: And do you think
Jocelyn Corrales: Being a Christian.
Jocelyn Corrales: Or being a Catholic is being helpful for your situation today or your current situation.
VIEW 1: Yeah, definitely.
Jocelyn Corrales: Do you pray every day.
Jocelyn Corrales: Do you pray every day or once in a while.
VIEW 1: Yeah, every day.
Jocelyn Corrales: Have you also tried doing self meditation.
VIEW 1: Yeah, I guess like it goes hand in hand.
Jocelyn Corrales: Or something like
Jocelyn Corrales: practice yoga. You know, when you do yoga, it's like to be, you know, some self reflection or meditate meditation also
Jocelyn Corrales: stretching exercise.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: When you do stretching exercise, you could actually do it.
Jocelyn Corrales: In front of the kids sometimes, you know, we have kids here at home when we do when we do exercise. They also join us.
VIEW 1: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Actually, I hope it would be helpful for you. There's actually some instructions, you know, just do the basic ones that would be very helpful for your back.
Jocelyn Corrales: So you can do some stretching
Jocelyn Corrales: stretching exercise and when you carry things. Try to carry things
Jocelyn Corrales: We'd have proper bed and mechanics. Try not to reach out to get things, try to make sure that you have your know your
Jocelyn Corrales: Feet are, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Properly well place and
VIEW 1: Read your back. So that's like you try to lift.
Jocelyn Corrales: Things slip is properly to prevent back
Jocelyn Corrales: Aches, or, you know, from straining your back sometimes that could be also one
Jocelyn Corrales: Of the reason, especially if you're lifting heavy things and you just reach out for it and
Jocelyn Corrales: Pull it with you.
Jocelyn Corrales: Sometimes, it gives a back stream.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okie so we do guards here.
Jocelyn Corrales: social relationship you leave with your mom and your three kids.
And
Jocelyn Corrales: Do you have a good relationship with these kids father
VIEW 1: Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you're still in concert in contact with their father.
VIEW 1: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: But yet, you're not together with their father anymore.
Right.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. Do you have friends.
Jocelyn Corrales: How do you communicate with your friends.
Jocelyn Corrales: Talk or texting.
Jocelyn Corrales: Do you get to hang out with your friends.
VIEW 1: No. Not often.
Jocelyn Corrales: Financial or providing for your children's needs or your basic needs. Where do you get your income for me.
VIEW 1: Well, mostly. My mom helps me with that right now.
Jocelyn Corrales: And are you receiving
Jocelyn Corrales: Benefits like from Social Security or something like that.
VIEW 1: No, I don't. My mom does
Jocelyn Corrales: And do you also receive any financial
Jocelyn Corrales: Support from your kids, father.
VIEW 1: No.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, do you plan. Probably the feature to work.
Jocelyn Corrales: And have you tried applying
VIEW 1: Not right now.
Jocelyn Corrales: But maybe after the
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you still there.
Jocelyn Corrales: Hello.
Jocelyn Corrales: Let's resume and we're almost finished actually
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. So with regards to finances, your mom is helping you financially. Does your mom work or
Jocelyn Corrales: Does she receive benefits.
VIEW 1: She's retired.
VIEW 1: And then, yeah, I guess she gets benefits to the kids.
Jocelyn Corrales: Do you have brothers or sisters
VIEW 1: I'm an only child.
Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: But you do have some friends and you try, you get to hang out with them at times, although not often and you try to communicate. You get to communicate with them often
Jocelyn Corrales: Just not able to hang out. Often, okay. So with regards to not working well for you. You have mentioned it, you have a horrible back. So maybe we could do something about probably let's do some stretching exercise and
Jocelyn Corrales: Do some proper body mechanics, when you try to live things or carry things
Jocelyn Corrales: Or when you try to as
Jocelyn Corrales: Especially, you have a
Jocelyn Corrales: One year old child and you know of course that child would want to be lifted some things that you also wants to be in a carried so there's also a proper body mechanics and how to carry
Jocelyn Corrales: The kids so that you will. Let's train your back.
Jocelyn Corrales: Let's put that in the plan when lifting
Jocelyn Corrales: Do some
Jocelyn Corrales: You could actually search in Google just check out proper body mechanics, so that you know how to properly lift things.
Jocelyn Corrales: For you to not be able to strain your back.
Jocelyn Corrales: And some stretching just do the basic stretching at the complicated ones just the basic stretching, just to help lead your back in your and you've mentioned that
Jocelyn Corrales: It could be probably close by your Sciatic Nerve this new something that's just, you know, very basic stretching, just to help your back in your car.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you wake up early. I have no problem with that you sleep.
Jocelyn Corrales: Early and you mentioned that you will be able to find a job or get at least when you get a job, your mommy steer to take care of the kids.
Jocelyn Corrales: Right. And what what do you plan on applying outside work or online work.
VIEW 1: All right. Oh, sorry.
Jocelyn Corrales: Go to bed. What time do you usually go to bed.
VIEW 1: Like 830 ok
Jocelyn Corrales: OK, that's fine. I think that's early
Jocelyn Corrales: So what we're going to do with the plan is stretching exercise for your back.
Jocelyn Corrales: For upper body mechanics, you know, you mentioned that when you're
Jocelyn Corrales: Feeling cranky. You just want to make yourself busy. Do you do gardening.
VIEW 1: Okay, good.
Jocelyn Corrales: Good that here gardening.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you could also ask your three year old three year old kid to help you with the gardening.
Jocelyn Corrales: gardening and crafts, aside from finger painting. Maybe you could do some activities for the three year old to learn like, you know, matching things
Jocelyn Corrales: You could make homemade crass about that, you know, matching things or, you know, joking. He could start with scribbling just try to buy some washable.
Jocelyn Corrales: Markers tried to buy those washable ones because you know he may be scribbling all over the place, at least.
Jocelyn Corrales: When he scribbles on some areas you can just remove it, we, you know, just wiping
Jocelyn Corrales: Practice.
Jocelyn Corrales: And what are the things are the activities that you like to do. What are your hobbies. What do you love to do. Do you like music do you like, you know, writing
Jocelyn Corrales: Listening to Music
VIEW 1: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: You know when you do your stretching exercise. You could also listen to music to relax and aside from listening to music, whether your other hobbies.
VIEW 1: Oh,
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, you could actually
Jocelyn Corrales: Help theory, you know, son, you know, draw
Jocelyn Corrales: Although you draw something
Jocelyn Corrales: Else, maybe he could just scribble down to
Jocelyn Corrales: You know,
Jocelyn Corrales: To develop the artists in him.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, okay. So with regards to spiritual self, do you think, do you have some problem with it, or you're
Jocelyn Corrales: Good with that.
VIEW 1: I'm
Jocelyn Corrales: Just not able to attend church. I think that's the the you know the problem, but other than that.
VIEW 1: Not
Jocelyn Corrales: Able to attend church regularly.
Jocelyn Corrales: You can do actually online service.
Jocelyn Corrales: To help your
Jocelyn Corrales: Like your
Jocelyn Corrales: Job in your spiritual self and
Jocelyn Corrales: We could do
Jocelyn Corrales: Yoga and stretching exercise, you know, in meditation.
Jocelyn Corrales: So what you do is that early in the day when you wake up. You could also do some stretching, maybe five to 10 minutes of stretching
Jocelyn Corrales: In before you go to bed.
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, do some stretching exercise.
Again,
Jocelyn Corrales: When waking up stretching exercise and when before you
Jocelyn Corrales: Sleep probably
Jocelyn Corrales: Yoga stretching exercise and probably some meditation. So let me share my
VIEW 1: Screen.
To you.
Jocelyn Corrales: You'll be able to see
Jocelyn Corrales: O. P. So I have placed in here. What's working out and what's not working out for you. I just placed everything in one area.
Jocelyn Corrales: I'll just transfer some of this information down here after I added this so
Jocelyn Corrales: We
Jocelyn Corrales: We bigger so your social relationship. Do you have problems, you know, with other people.
Jocelyn Corrales: Problems with relationships.
VIEW 1: Relationships.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: And for the plan of place here wake up early. I have no problem with that you're
Jocelyn Corrales: Able to eat on time and you eat healthy.
Jocelyn Corrales: Snacks and meals.
Jocelyn Corrales: I'll just place here. Avoid eating junk food, especially with kids.
Jocelyn Corrales: And read your activities of daily living. I think you have a problem with the with your back. So maybe we could do some stretching for your back. So we do it in the morning at least probably five to 10 minutes only ends again before you go to sleep and
Jocelyn Corrales: Read some things about doing proper med body mechanics, especially when you're lifting things, try to maintain proper body mechanics to avoid
Jocelyn Corrales: Training your back.
Jocelyn Corrales: And do some crafts, or
Jocelyn Corrales: Activity do some crops with your kids.
Jocelyn Corrales: Like finger baiting practice writing for your son in arts and she also loved art.
Jocelyn Corrales: Or right or Joey
Jocelyn Corrales: And attention church services online. I think we have online services, you could actually try to access your the Facebook page of your church or probably their website they have a website it do gardening do yoga stretching exercise in some meditation. Meditation.
Jocelyn Corrales: And go to bed at around 830
Jocelyn Corrales: So I'm going to send you
Jocelyn Corrales: Again on
Jocelyn Corrales: Every 30 days or probably
Jocelyn Corrales: 45 days. Let's see, and your support people are bright our tails staff.
Jocelyn Corrales: That includes me your doctor and your therapies in your mother.
Jocelyn Corrales: And your children.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: And let's see if you're able to sign this
Let's check
Jocelyn Corrales: But if not, it's OK.
Jocelyn Corrales: For a while I'm sharing dermal to you. Okay. Can you try signing it if you could try it.
VIEW 1: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Let's see if you're able to move the mouse.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's okay doesn't work.
VIEW 1: Yeah, I know it's saying something about like a controller.
VIEW 1: Yeah, it doesn't work.
Jocelyn Corrales: I techie. It's lucky. It's fine.
Jocelyn Corrales: So it was great, talking with you, but I'm going to check on you again. And the next 30 or 45 days. I'm just going to call you.
Jocelyn Corrales: And I'm going to send you a copy of our rap session today, I'm going to send it via email after I have edited this probably by the end of this week.
Jocelyn Corrales: Or probably on the weekends. We're going to send out the Edison plans and I'll meet you again on the next 30 to 45 days. Okay, thank you. You're brielle. Have a great day. You too, you too. Bye.